fix(www): broken link on home page (#12736)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/plugins.md

## Learn more about plugins

> For documentation with further detail on what comprises a Gatsby plugin (file structure, etc), see the [plugin authoring page](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/).

Author: ```suggestion
For documentation with further detail on what comprises a Gatsby plugin (file structure, etc), see the [plugin authoring page](/docs/how-plugins-work/).
```
